Docs update (#73)
solidity-labs-io/forge-proposal-simulator: docs/mainnet-examples/CompoundGovernorBravo.md

    }

    function build()
        public
        override
        buildModifier(addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_TIMELOCK_BRAVO"))
    {
        /// STATICCALL -- not recorded for the run stage
        ICompoundConfigurator configurator = ICompoundConfigurator(
            addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_CONFIGURATOR")
        );
        address comet = addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_COMET");

        /// CALLS -- mutative and recorded
        configurator.setBorrowKink(comet, kink);
        configurator.setSupplyKink(comet, kink);
    }

    function validate() public view override {
        ICompoundConfigurator configurator = ICompoundConfigurator(
            addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_CONFIGURATOR")
        );
        address comet = addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_COMET");

        ICompoundConfigurator.Configuration memory config = configurator
            .getConfiguration(comet);
        assertEq(config.supplyKink, kink);
        assertEq(config.borrowKink, kink);
    }
}
```

Let's go through each of the functions that are overridden.

-   `name()`: Define the name of your proposal.
-   `description()`: Provide a detailed description of your proposal.

> -   `run()`: Sets environment for running the proposal. It sets `addresses` and `governor`. `addresses` is address object

Reviewer: order

Reviewer: bump. I think this should be ordered sequentially in terms of view only functions and then the functions in order of operation:

1.  name
2. description
3. deploy
4. build
5. run
6. validate

Author: Done

    containing addresses to be used in proposal that are fetched from `Addresses.json`. `governor` is the address of the compound governor bravo contract.
-   `build()`: Set the necessary actions for your proposal. In this example, borrow and
    supply kink is set through configurator by timelock bravo. The actions should be
    written in solidity code and in the order they should be executed. Any calls (except to
    the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run
    function. `caller` address is passed into `buildModifier` that will call actions in
    `build`. Caller is governor's timelock in this example.
-   `validate()`: It validates that supply and borrow kink is set correctly.

## Running the Proposal

```sh
forge script mocks/MockBravoProposal.sol --fork-url mainnet
```

> It's crucial to ensure all required address is correctly listed in the Addresses.json file. If these don't align, the script execution will fail.

Reviewer: same comments as gov bravo proposal

Author: done

# Compound Governor Bravo Proposal

## Overview

This serves as a mainnet example of FPS, where FPS is utilized to propose adjustments for the Compound Governor Bravo. No deployments are included in this example. Specifically, this example sets Comet's borrow and supply kink to 0.75 \* 1e18 through the Compound Configurator.

The contract outlined below is located in the [mocks folder](../../mocks/MockBravoProposal.sol).

Let's examine each of the functions that are overridden:

-   `name()`: Specifies the name of the proposal.

    ```solidity
    function name() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return "ADJUST_WETH_IR_CURVE";
    }
    ```

-   `description()`: Offers a detailed description of the proposal.

    ```solidity
    function description() public pure override returns (string memory) {
        return
            "Mock proposal to adjust the IR Curve for Compound v3 WETH on Mainnet";
    }
    ```

> -   `build()`: Add actions to the proposal contract. [See build function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#build-function). In this instance, borrow and supply kink are set through the configurator by Bravo's timelock. The actions should be written in Solidity code and in the order they are intended to be executed. Any calls (except to the Addresses object) will be recorded and stored as actions to execute in the run function. The The `caller` address is passed into `buildModifier`, which will call actions in `build`. In this example, the caller is Governor's timelock. `buildModifier` is a necessary modifier for the `build` function and will not function without it.

Reviewer: remove double the

    ```solidity
    function build()
        public
        override
        buildModifier(addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_TIMELOCK_BRAVO"))
    {
        /// STATICCALL -- not recorded for the run stage

        // get configurator address
        ICompoundConfigurator configurator = ICompoundConfigurator(
            addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_CONFIGURATOR")
        );

        // get comet address
        address comet = addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_COMET");

        /// CALLS -- mutative and recorded

        // set borrow kink to 0.75 * 1e18
        configurator.setBorrowKink(comet, kink);

        // set supply kink to 0.75 * 1e18
        configurator.setSupplyKink(comet, kink);
    }
    ```

> -   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal. [See run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The Governor bravo address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal. [See the run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The Governor bravo address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.
```

> -   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal. [See the run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The Governor bravo address to simulate the proposal through is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   `run()`: Sets up the environment for running the proposal. [See the run function](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function). This sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to run the entire proposal. In this example, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The Governor Bravo contract to test is set using `setGovernor`. This will be used to check onchain calldata and simulate the proposal.
```

            )
        );

        // Set Governor Bravo. This address is used for proposal simulation and checking the on-chain proposal state.
        setGovernor(addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_GOVERNOR_BRAVO"));

        // Call the run function of the parent contract 'Proposal.sol'.
        super.run();
    }
    ```

-   `validate()`: Validates that the supply and borrow kink are set correctly.

    ```solidity
    function validate() public view override {
        // get configurator address
        ICompoundConfigurator configurator = ICompoundConfigurator(
            addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_CONFIGURATOR")
        );

        // get comet address
        address comet = addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_COMET");

        // get comet configuration
        ICompoundConfigurator.Configuration memory config = configurator
            .getConfiguration(comet);

        // ensure supply kink is set to 0.75 * 1e18
        assertEq(config.supplyKink, kink);

        // ensure borrow kink is set to 0.75 * 1e18
        assertEq(config.borrowKink, kink);
    }
    ```

## Running the Proposal

```sh
forge script mocks/MockBravoProposal.sol --fork-url mainnet
```

> All required addresses should be in the Addresses.json file, including the `DEPLOYER_EOA` address, which will deploy the new contracts. If these don't align, the script execution will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All required addresses should be in the Addresses.json file, including the `DEPLOYER_EOA` address, which will deploy the new contracts. If these do not align, the script execution will fail.
```

    ICompoundConfigurator configurator = ICompoundConfigurator(
        addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_CONFIGURATOR")
    );

    // get comet address
    address comet = addresses.getAddress("COMPOUND_COMET");

    // get comet configuration
    ICompoundConfigurator.Configuration memory config = configurator
        .getConfiguration(comet);

    // ensure supply kink is set to 0.75 * 1e18
    assertEq(config.supplyKink, kink);

    // ensure borrow kink is set to 0.75 * 1e18
    assertEq(config.borrowKink, kink);
}
```

-   `run()`: Establishes the environment for running the proposal. [Refer](../overview/architecture/proposal-functions.md#run-function) It sets `addresses`, `primaryForkId`, and `governor`, and then calls `super.run()` to execute the proposal lifecycle. In this function, `primaryForkId` is set to `mainnet`, selecting the fork for running the proposal. Next, the `addresses` object is set by reading the `addresses.json` file. The `addresses` contract state is persisted across forks using `vm.makePersistent()`. Governor Bravo is set using `setGovernor`, which will be used to check on-chain calldata and simulate the proposal.

```solidity

> function run() public override {

Reviewer: run before validate

Author: done
